Made some paragraphs sound better to read (#3200)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/functions.md

)
```

> You can disregard all of the ones with default values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can skip all of the ones with default values:
```

```kotlin
reformat("This is a long String!")
```

> You can also skip specific arguments with default values rather than omitting all of them. After the first skipped argument, however, you must name all subsequent arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also skip specific arguments with default values, rather than omitting them all. However, after the first skipped argument, you must name all subsequent arguments:
```
It is clearer for the reader if **however** is at the start of the sentence, to make it clear that this is an exception.

```kotlin
reformat("This is a short String!", upperCaseFirstLetter = false, wordSeparator = '_')
```

> Using the'spread' operator, you can pass a [variable number of arguments ('vararg')](#variable-number-of-arguments-varargs) with names:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pass a [variable number of arguments (`vararg`)](#variable-number-of-arguments-varargs) with names using the `spread` operator:
```
We prefer to enclose operator names and variables in backticks to format them as inline code.

```kotlin
fun foo(vararg strings: String) { /*...*/ }

foo(strings = *arrayOf("a", "b", "c"))
```

> When calling Java functions on the JVM, you cannot use the named argument syntax because Java bytecode does not always preserve the names of function parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When calling Java functions on the JVM, you can't use the named argument syntax because Java bytecode does not always preserve the names of function parameters.
{type="note"}
```
It's important that the reader notices this, so we should keep it as a note.

### Unit-returning functions

> If a function returns an unusable value, its return type is 'Unit.' 'Unit' is a type that has only one value.
> This value does not have to be explicitly returned:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a function returns an unusable value, its return type is `Unit`. `Unit` is a type that has only one value - `Unit`.
This value doesn't have to be returned explicitly:
```
We use backticks to format inline code, rather than single quotes.
@koshachy, what do you think about **unusable**?
